{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	My name is Tordek Fireforge. I lived and grew up in a small village north of Lyn; my kin and I were simple miners and smiths. Our clan, Fireforge, was small but very close. We spent most of our time mining ore for our wares and delivering raw material and finished goods to Lyn, where the Moradinites would trade with us for food, armor, and other necessities. I trained under my father, Rykar, \'a0to dig tunnels and mine for ore. When we were not mining, my father was teaching me how to fight and defend the caravan as it would make its way to Lyn to deliver the goods to the temple of Moradin. Unlike my father who favored the battle ax, I quickly picked up the use of the war-hammer. My defense was solid, but my father was still able to find areas of improvement.\'a0\
\
\'a0	Over the course of many winters, I was seasoned enough, in my father's eye, to begin traveling with the caravan. It was a long and dangerous journey as the path along the mountain was very narrow for a group of dwarves, a cart and two mules. As we traveled the three day trek to Lyn, my father would tell me stories of our clan\'97how we carved the path to Lyn and how the Fireforge\'92s were not only excellent miners and smithies, but more stubborn than the stone we move in our beliefs and morals. We would do what is right and just and go out of our way to protect others. And even though we would haggle, we would never cheat or steal. I took these words to heart as I would never want to hurt or dishonor my family or clan.\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0 	When we finally made it to Lyn, we passed houses and other buildings as we made our way through town. However, upon passing a tavern, we all decided to stop and have a pint. After we had our drink we headed out to the temple where we traded our wares for supplies. Lyn is a big town, but I was amazed at the size of the houses and how it appeared the town was carved into the mountain itself. I was going to ask my father if we Fireforge\'92s assisted in the building of the city; however, he had already entered the temple, and I could hear him starting up a conversation with one of our kinsmen.\
\
\'a0 	As I entered, I have to say I almost choked on my beard. This shrine to Moradin was crafted to perfection. I could tell every chisel, chip, and decoration were done with love and great care. Others in my clan saw my amazement and gave knowing nods, having felt the same way as I when they had entered. As my father continued to conduct business, I walked around the Dwarven halls and was truly impressed by the level of craftsmanship of my kin. While there, I felt the urge to pick up a hammer and start crafting as well, but I did not know where to start, and, at that particular time, I did not feel like I should make a fool of myself.\'a0\
\
\'a0	Once Rykar was done with business, we all loaded up the caravan and were ready to head back to our village. Or at least I thought we were. My father called me up to the front of the caravan and said to our kin, "Ay think young Tordek \'91ere be needin' his own 'venture lads, what say ye?" The other dwarves grinned and cheered. I stood there, starring at my father, bewildered. He grinned at me. "Son, ye are at the age te seek yer own fortunes if'n ye be wanten. I ain't wanted no son of mione te think that he couldna do what he wanted. Now I think ye got two choices: Ye either head south towards Fort Llast, or ye can come back wit us te our home. The choice be yers". \
\
	I shook his head. "Ay I don't know ifn oy'll be any good \'91venturin\'92, pa.\'94\
 \
	My father laughed, "Ye'll be fione\'97yer a Fireforge. Ain't nuthin' tougher den us!" Tordek's kinsmen cheered and raised a ruckus \'a0at Rykar's statement. "See lad? They got just as much faith in ye as ay do. Now ye get yer bum down te Llast and follow de rode te Center. Ye find yerself some work and get some experience under yer belt. An fer Moradins sake, grow oot yer beard. Ye remind me of yer mutha with a beard lioke dat." Tordek laughed as well as did his kin.\
\
\'a0 	With a final hug, and some playful head-butting with my fellow dwarves, I began my descent from Lyn and from the mountain top to Center, to start my new life as an adventurer. When I reached town I looked around to see where I could apply the meager skills at my disposal. A group of traveling entertainers was looking for a new bard, but turned me away after I destroyed several instruments. No smithies were looking for apprentices. The only option I found was a group of soldiers recruiting for the army to fight against orcs and goblins in the area. Confident in the skills beaten into me by my father, I signed on.\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0\
\'a0 	After about a year of fighting with this army, I had risen in rank and respect. Proud of my accomplishments and missing home, I decided to return to my village during a longer allowed leave. As I travelled along the path my ancestors carved, I came upon the remains of a camp that had obviously been attacked by Fire Giants. Dropping my pack, I quickly searched for survivors amongst the rubble and ruin, finding none. Finally, I came to a crumpled form. With my heart in my throat I rolled it over, finding my father.\'a0\
\'a0 \'a0\
\'a0 	Heartbroken and in a rage, I took my father\'92s pendant of Moradin from around his neck and swore vengeance on those that had done this. I tracked the five giants down and killed them all, feeling the justification and power from my deity. From that day forward, I vowed I would seek vengeance and justice for those less capable than myself.\
}